Updated Connection Diagram for Playmates, Added diff between them and Fixed Typos (#105)
upsidedownlabs/docs.upsidedownlabs.tech: hardware/bioamp/muscle-bioamp-blip/index.rst

    Arduino IDE v1.8.19 (legacy IDE) 

> Visit Upside Down Labs `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech>`__ to visualize your biopotential signals directly in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit Upside Down Labs `Chords Web <https://chords.upsidedownlabs.tech>`__ to visualize your bio-potential signals directly in the browser.
```
